README.md, before:

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wdbm/megaparsex/master/media/megaparsex.png)

# credits

- name by Liam Moore

# introduction

`megaparsex` is a Python module that features parsing and associated utilities. It features parsing functions that detect keyphrases in input text and that then return text, seek confirmations and run functions in response. It features functions that accept a list of parsing functions so that collections of parsing functions can be combined and new parsing functions can be added easily.

It features a confirmation class that contains the functionality to check responses for confirmation or denial while containing a function with optional keyword arguments to run on detection of confirmation together with optional specialized prompts and responses to confirmation and denial.

Some associated utilities are a manual input function, a function to run system commands, a function to report IP information and a function to restart a script.

See example code for usage information.

Commit message:

add command class, add weather, tidy

README.md, after:

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wdbm/megaparsex/master/media/megaparsex.png)

# credits

- name by Liam Moore

# introduction

`megaparsex` is a Python module that features parsing and associated utilities. It features parsing functions that detect keyphrases in input text and that then return text, seek confirmations and run functions in response. It features functions that accept a list of parsing functions so that collections of parsing functions can be combined and new parsing functions can be added easily.

It features a confirmation class that contains the ability to check responses for confirmation or denial while containing a function with optional keyword arguments to run on detection of confirmation together with optional specialized prompts and responses to confirmation and denial. It features a command class that contains the ability to request an input that is to be run as a command and to run that command, and contains a prompt.

Some associated utilities are functions for manual input, to run system commands, to report IP information, to report weather information and to restart a script.

See example code for usage information.
